README.md, before:

# NTU_EE6497_83_Sheets

__If you find it useful, a star🌟 will be very good of you❤️.__

---

__[2025/4/27]__

Update the __[EE6497 Cheatsheet](./ee6497.pdf)__. It's a complete version now. 

---

__[2025/4/23]__

Add the __[EE6497 Cheatsheet](./ee6497.pdf)__. It's the first edition, might be some mistakes. 

---
__[2025/4/5]__

Update the __[dog&cat](./dog&cat/)__ final project, source code and results. 

---

__[2024/12/1]__

__You can find the original PDF file here: [Cheatsheet](./ee6483.pdf).__ It is expected that there will be further updates. 

It was inspired by this [2023_NTU_EE7401_Cheat_Sheet](https://github.com/JiangpengLI86/2023_NTU_EE7401_Cheat_Sheet).

This cheat sheet is valid only when EE6483's exam is Restricted Open Book.

The cheat sheet may have some mistakes, so check carefully when you use it. I apreciate it if you find some errors and edit and commit them in [main.tex](./ee6483.tex).

---

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.

Commit message:

Add code block in ee6497

README.md, after:

# NTU_EE6497_83_Sheets

__If you find it useful, a star🌟 will be very good of you❤️.__

---

__[2025/5/8]__

Add code block in the __[EE6497 Cheatsheet](./ee6497.pdf)__. Thanks to wlp😑. 

---

__[2025/4/27]__

Update the __[EE6497 Cheatsheet](./ee6497.pdf)__. It's a complete version now. 

---

__[2025/4/23]__

Add the __[EE6497 Cheatsheet](./ee6497.pdf)__. It's the first edition, might be some mistakes. 

---
__[2025/4/5]__

Update the __[dog&cat](./dog&cat/)__ final project, source code and results. 

---

__[2024/12/1]__

__You can find the original PDF file here: [Cheatsheet](./ee6483.pdf).__ It is expected that there will be further updates. 

It was inspired by this [2023_NTU_EE7401_Cheat_Sheet](https://github.com/JiangpengLI86/2023_NTU_EE7401_Cheat_Sheet).

This cheat sheet is valid only when EE6483's exam is Restricted Open Book.

The cheat sheet may have some mistakes, so check carefully when you use it. I apreciate it if you find some errors and edit and commit them in [main.tex](./ee6483.tex).

---

## License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) file for details.
